Template: asha/clusterip
Type: string
Default: 192.168.1.250
Description: Cluster IP address?
 Enter the IP address of your cluster. This is sometimes known as the Cluster Virtual address. It will
 be the IP address from which your cluster delivers services to your local subnet.
 It should be an unused IP, on the same subnet as eth0.

Template: asha/reconfiguring
Type: boolean
Default: false

Template: asha/newcluster
type: boolean
default: false
Description: Are you defining the first node of a brand new cluster?
 ASHA needs to know if this is a brand new cluster or if you are adding a node to an existing cluster

Template: asha/usenic1
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Use eth1 for cluster communication?
 It appears that your server has more than one NIC.  It is recommended you allow asha to configure the second NIC (eth1)
 for cluster communications and that you attach the two cluster servers with a direct crossover cable. 

Template: asha/2nanodeip
Type: string
Default: 10.0.3.251
Description: Eth1 IP address of this node?
 Enter the IP address of Eth1 on this node. This will be used to generate the Eth1 entry
 in the interfaces file

Template: asha/1nbnodeip
Type: string
Default: 192.168.1.252
Description: Eth0 IP address of the other node?
 Enter the IP address of the other node.
 .
 You only appear to have a single NIC so you should enter the regular ip address of eth0 on the other Node.  

Template: asha/2nbnodeip
Type: string
Default: 10.0.3.252
Description: Eth1 IP address of the other node?
 Enter the IP address of Eth1 on the other node. This will be used for dedicated comms between
 the cluster nodes.

Template: asha/bnodename
Type: string
Default: sarkb
Description: Other Node Name?
 Enter the hostname of the other Node.  This should just be the short
 name given by 'uname -n'. 

Template: asha/drbddev
Type: string
Default: /dev/sda5
Description: Cluster distributed block device location
 Enter the location of the DRBD partition.  This should be an empty, unformatted 
 partition that you created when you installed Debian.  By default it is suggested that 
 you use the first logical partition (which should be /dev/sda5)
 If you don't understand this question you should not continue with the installation until you
 are familiar with partition allocation and usage in *nix systems. 

Template: asha/drbddeverr
Type: Note
Description: Cluster distributed block device location <ERROR!>
 The partition you entered does not exist on this server
 Try again.

Template: asha/rhinospf
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description:  Have you an installed RHINO SPF card on the primary node?
 Enter yes if you want the Cluster to support programmed failover of ISDN lines via 
 a Rhino Equipment Corp Single Port Failover Card.  The card MUST be powered from the Primary,
 Node.

Template: asha/rhinousb
Type: string
Default: /dev/ttyUSB0
Description:  USB port on which the RHINO SPF is located
 This will usually be /dev/ttyUSB0 but you can specify a different USB slot here if you wish.

Template: asha/clusteralert
Type: string
Default: admin@yourco.com
Description: Cluster Alert email address
 Enter an email address which the cluster will use to signal change of state events (such as 
 failover).

Template: asha/siteid
Type: string
Default: yoursitename
Description: Site Identifier
 Enter a site identifier string. This will be prepended to the email Subject on cluster alerts to help 
 easily identify which site is signalling.

Template: asha/done
Type: note
Description: ASHA configuration complete
 ASHA will now generate a set of config files for Pacemaker crm, Corosync, and DRBD.   
 You will find these configs in /opt/asha/cache and a set of possibly useful scripts in /opt/asha/scripts.  You should inspect each 
 file carefully to ensure that it is as you wish.
 .
 Once you are satisfied you can save the originals and copy the new ones into your system. 
 You will find further information on the wiki (http://sailpbx.com) in the section on ASHA 2.0.0
 .
 The shorewall and eth1 samples have been included for SARK/SAIL users but others may find them useful.
